# CS_330
## How do I approach designing software?
Generally when designing software, I like to break down each component to its smallest form and then start chipping away at the smaller pieces rather than trying to tackle the whole thing at once. Throughout the creation of this final project, this really solidified this method because there was no way to knock out the entire project without breaking it down first. The best way I found was to focus on a simply object, then break that down to its individual shapes and slowly build from there. I used a hot pink temp color for each shape while building a single object that would tell me it still needed texture. After applying some texture to the object and putting it in postition, I would decided if the object needed any special lighting then focus on that. Approaching the project in this way prevented me from getting overwhelmed because I was able to simply focus on a single object and see it to completion, and once one object was done, I would move onto the next.

## How do I approach developing programs?
When developing a program, I rely heavily on multiple iterations and don't worry about creating something perfect the first time. I first make sure I have something technically functional, and then finesse from there until I can call it "done". I went into this briefly above how I use temp colors when creating the object, then focus on texture afterward, and then finally lighting. I'm not sure if my approach to developing code has evolved all that much, but it certainly feels like it has become more refined going through each of the milestones. 

## How can computer science help me in reaching my goals? 
Even though I work at a video game studio, I don't generally focus on the visual aspect of the game which means the things taught in this class were completely new to me. I believe throughout this class I've learned not only new skills that can be applied to my work in the future, but also an overall appreciation for those that do work in this area full-time. I'd like to be able to take the skills I've learned in this class and see if I can combine them with the work I currently do to either solve certain problems or make parts of our pipeline for efficient.
Also, out of all the classes I've taken at SNHU so far, this has to be one of the most fun, albeit challenging classes I've had yet. I can definitely see myself using these skills outside of this class, whether professionally or even just for fun.
